Add simple UI for voting poll metagraph (#17)
Constellation-Labs/metagraph-examples: examples/voting-poll/README.md

- Run the script with `node send_data_transaction.js`

- Query the state GET endpoint at `<your metagraph L0 base url>/data-application/addresses` to see the updated state after each update.

> ## Sample UI Project

Reviewer: Let's move this section above the scripts section.

> This example comes with a Next.js based demo, you can set it up and run it from the instructions in the [sample-ui](./sample-ui/README.md) folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example comes with a sample UI web app demonstrating integration with Stargazer Wallet and interaction with the metagraph APIs. You can set it up and run it from the instructions in the [sample-ui](./sample-ui/README.md) folder.
```
